Pull Request for issues #512 (#1031)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/startlayout/import-startlayout.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

> When you use this switch, to indicate for example the mount path to the folder **C:\Images**, the command inidcates that a folder **C:\ImagesUsers** does not exist and  generates an error when executes, the correct expected folder is **C:\Images\Users**.  To solve this problem you can use the [Junction](https://docs.microsoft.com/sysinternals/downloads/junction) function, to create the expected **C:\ImagesUsers** junction targeted to the folder **C:\Images\Users**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use this switch, for example to indicate the mount path to the folder **C:\Images**, the command indicates that a folder **C:\ImagesUsers** does not exist and generates an error when executed. The correct expected folder is **C:\Images\Users**.  To resolve this, download [Junction](https://docs.microsoft.com/sysinternals/downloads/junction) to create the expected **C:\ImagesUsers** junction targeted to the folder **C:\Images\Users**.
```
